Announcer: LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN, BOYS AND GIRLS,
PLEASE TAKE YOUR SEATS.
WE ARE ABOUT TO GET UNDERWAY!
YES, DUEL FANS, THE TOURNAMENT
OF TITANS HAS ARRIVED.
THE CHALLENGE OF CHAMPIONS
IS UPON US--
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX IS
FINALLY HERE,
SO LET'S HEAR IT FROM YOU!
[CROWD CHEERING]
THERE WILL BE MANY MATCH-UPS
IN THE DAYS AHEAD,
BUT SINCE THE SQUARING OFF HAS
TO START SOMEWHERE,
WHY NOT START WITH
SOME OF THE BEST?
I GIVE YOU OUR FIRST PAIRING OF
GRAND PRIX GLADIATORS!
LET THE GAMES BEGIN!
[CROWD CHEERING]
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU
COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[CROWD CHEERING]
[CHUCKLES]
AT LAST, IT BEGINS.
AT LAST, OUR GRAND DESIGN
SHALL COME TO PASS,
SO LONG AS JAKOB WAS CORRECT
IN HIS CALCULATIONS.
Announcer: DUEL FANS,
THE FANATICISM HAS
REACHED FEVER PITCH
HERE IN NEW DOMINO!
NOT SINCE THE FORTUNE CUP HAS
THERE BEEN SUCH A BUZZ
IN THE AIR, AND THE REASON
WHY IS CRYSTAL CLEAR!
AFTER ALL, THE BEST DUELISTS IN
THE WORLD HAVE COME HERE TODAY,
AND THEY'RE HERE TO WIN!
BUT TO BE THE BEST, YOU'VE
GOT TO BEAT THE BEST,
AND YOU'VE GOT TO START IT
ON DAY ONE.
SO YOU BETTER BELIEVE DUELISTS
WILL BE LOOKING TO PROVE
THEIR PROWESS
IN THE PRELIMINARIES,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THE DISCUSSION
DEALS WITH THESE THREE!
FROM TEAM UNICORN, I GIVE
YOU BREO, ANDRE, AND JEAN!
THEIR ADVERSARIES?
YUSEI FUDO, JACK ATLAS,
AND AKIZA IZINSKI!
TOGETHER, THEY ARE TEAM 5D's.
[CROWD CHEERING]
THAT'S RIGHT, DUEL FANS. TWO
TEAMS WITH THE WILL TO WIN
THIS WHOLE TOURNAMENT
ARE TANGLING IT UP
IN THE VERY FIRST MATCH!
[BELL RINGS]
Leo: TEAM UNICORN'S
HAVING ANDRE
DUEL FIRST!
DO YOU HAVE A STRATEGY
TO BEAT HIM, YUSEI?
NO. BECAUSE JACK'S
GONNA BE THE ONE
DUELING FIRST.
THEN COMES AKIZA,
AND THEN
I'LL GO LAST.
WHAT? SO THEN JACK'S
DUELING ANDRE?
BUT DON'T YOU WANT
TO SETTLE THINGS
WITH HIM
SINCE YOU TWO NEVER
GOT TO FINISH UP
YOUR PRACTICE MATCH?
NO. WE WANT
TO WIN.
Bruno: THE THING IS,
GUYS, ANDRE DUELS
WITH A POWER DECK.
OUR BEST CHANCE
IS TO FIGHT BACK
WITH MORE POWER.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT, BRUNO!
AND THAT MEANS USING
MY RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
HIT THE ROAD, JEAN.
WE DON'T WANT TROUBLE.
NOR DO I.
I JUST WANTED TO
WISH YOU GOOD LUCK,
AND TO SAY I'M SORRY
ABOUT YOUR ARM.
OH. WELL, THANKS. AND
GOOD LUCK TO YOU GUYS, TOO.
LET'S HOPE FOR A GOOD MATCH.
NO HOPE NEEDED.
WE'VE BEEN WATCHING
TAPE ON YOU
FOR THREE WEEKS NOW
AND YOU'RE ONE
OF THE BEST TEAMS
IN THIS.
THIS MATCH IS
CERTAIN TO BE
A CLASSIC.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE HERE FOR--
TO GIVE ALL THE FANS OUT
THERE A GOOD SHOW.
YES, WE ARE.
AND SO FAR,
THE SHOW'S GOING
ACCORDING TO SCRIPT.
HUH?
"GOING ACCORDING
TO THE SCRIPT"?
WHAT ON EARTH IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
THERE'S JUST NO FIGURING
THOSE GUYS OUT.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT IT MEANS,
IT MEANS THEY'RE
QUAKING IN THEIR BOOTS.
THEY KNEW THEY'D BE
SCARED TO DUEL US,
AND THEY ARE SCARED.
SO EVERYTHING'S
GOING ACCORDING
TO SCRIPT, YOU SEE?
SO IS IT REALLY LIKE
WE'D FIGURED, JEAN?
DID YUSEI AND
TEAM 5D's ACTUALLY
TAP JACK TO DUEL
FOR THEM
IN HIS FIRST
PRELIMINARY MATCH?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I MADE THEM THINK
HE WOULD DO GREAT, TOO.
ANDRE, JUST BE SURE
TO PLAY YOU-KNOW-WHAT
WHEN THE MATCH STARTS.
FOR SURE.
ALL RIGHT, DUEL FANS,
AT LONG LAST,
IT'S THE MOMENT
YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
DUELISTS, YOU MAY START
YOUR RUNNERS!
WELL, YUSEI, I GUESS
THIS IS IT.
YEAH. NOW TIME TO
SEE IF ALL OUR
TRAINING HAS PAID OFF.
HERE WE GO, ANDRE.
THIS IS WHERE THE RUBBER
MEETS THE ROAD,
AND WHERE MY POWER DECK
MEETS YOURS IN A FIGHT
TO THE FINISH.
Duel runner computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
COUNTDOWN INITIATED.
TURBO DUELISTS,
READY, SET, DUEL.
Announcer:
AND AWAY THEY GO!
AND THIS DUEL IS UNDERWAY
AND WAY FAST!
CAN YOU KEEP UP?
Andre, thinking:
I CAN DO BETTER
THAN KEEP UP.
SECRET WEAPON TIME.
WHAT'S THIS?
WHA--NO WAY!
WHOA. IT'S
AN OVERBOOST SYSTEM!
JUST AS PLANNED.
WAIT. DID YOU
SAY "OVERBOOST SYSTEM"?
YEAH. IT'S NOT
LIKE IT'S AGAINST
THE RULES OR ANYTHING.
MAYBE NOT, BUT, JEAN,
IT'S A BIT OF
A DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD.
SURE, USING IT WILL ALLOW
FOR QUICK ACCELERATION,
BUT AFTER THAT, IT LIMITS
YOUR MAXIMUM SPEED.
YEAH, THAT'S TRUE, BUT IT'S
A PRICE WELL WORTH PAYING
IF IT MEANS WE GET
TO MAKE THE FIRST MOVE,
IF YOU CATCH MY DRIFT.
ACTUALLY, JEAN, I'M NOT
ENTIRELY CERTAIN THAT I DO.
WE USE THE DECK.
THE DECK? ARE YOU SURE
THAT'S A SMART MOVE?
WE'VE NEVER USED IT
IN A PRO DUEL BEFORE.
THAT'S BECAUSE WE'VE
NEVER FACED A TEAM
LIKE 5D's BEFORE.
IT WILL TAKE A BIT
OF WORK,
BUT IF WE CAN SITUATE THINGS
IN JUST THE RIGHT WAY,
THE DECK WILL GIVE
US A BIG EDGE.
Andre, thinking: IF TEAM
5D's WASN'T SO PREDICTABLE
AND DIDN'T START JACK ATLAS,
THE DECK WOULD STILL BE
SITTING BACK IN OUR DUEL LAB.
BUT SEEING AS HOW THEY ARE.
[CHUCKLES]
GO FIRST IF IT'S
THAT IMPORTANT TO YOU,
BECAUSE IN THE END,
IT WILL BE ME WHO
HAS THE LAST LAUGH.
Announcer:
AND SO, THE ORDER
HAS BEEN DETERMINED.
TIME FOR THIS BOUT TO BEGIN!
Andre: MY TURN!
AND FIRST, I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER,
UNI-HORNED FAMILIAR.
NEXT, I REMOVE
A SPELL CARD IN
MY HAND FROM PLAY
TO SUMMON MONOCEROS!
I KNOW NEITHER
OF THESE MONSTERS
IS VERY IMPRESSIVE
BY THEMSELVES,
BUT WHEN PUT
TOGETHER...
HE MUST BE
PLANNING FOR
A SYNCHRO.
I'LL THEN PLACE
TWO FACE-DOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
[GASPING]
THAT'S STRANGE.
WHAT? WHAT'S
THE MATTER, YUSEI?
ANDRE WAS ALL SET UP
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
BUT DIDN'T.
YEAH, INSTEAD HE JUST
KEPT BOTH OF HIS MONSTERS
SITTING OUT THERE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
GUESS ANDRE'S DECIDED
TO PLAY IT SAFE
IN CASE JACK ATTACKS.
NO. IF ANDRE WAS REALLY
TRYING TO PLAY IT SAFE,
THEN HE WOULD HAVE
SYNCHRO SUMMONED.
AFTER ALL, WHEN
YOU SYNCHRO SUMMON
USING MONOCEROS
AND A BEAST-TYPE
TUNER MONSTER,
YOU CAN THEN RESURRECT
THAT SAME TUNER MONSTER
RIGHT BACK TO THE FIELD.
IN OTHER WORDS,
HE WOULD HAVE HAD
AN EVEN STRONGER DEFENSE.
OK. SO WHY DIDN'T
HE DO IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT SCARES ME.
HMM.
MY TURN.
AND WITH IT, THERE'LL BE
NO TURNING BACK FOR YOU.
HERE I GO!
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
FIRST, SINCE THERE
ARE ONLY CARDS
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON THIS
CRUSHING CREATURE.
COME ON OUT,
VICE DRAGON!
THE PRICE I MUST PAY FOR
SUMMONING VICE DRAGON
IN THAT MANNER IS TO LOSE HALF
ITS ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS,
BUT THAT WON'T MATTER,
BECAUSE NEXT I'M SUMMONING
OUT DARK RESONATOR!
NOW, LEVEL 3
DARK RESONATOR,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 5
VICE DRAGON!
IN AN INFERNO
OF POWER AND MIGHT,
A BLAZING NEW BEAST
IS NOW FORGED.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
INCREDIBLE!
IT'S THE FIRST ROUND AND
JACK HAS ALREADY SUMMONED
HIS MOST MENACING MONSTER.
[CROWD CHEERING]
WE LOVE YOU,
JACK!
WE LOVE YOU, JACK!
Jack: HOPE YOU'RE
READY, ANDRE,
BECAUSE WHEN RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND ATTACKS
EVEN ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THEN ALL OF THE MONSTERS
YOU HAVE IN DEFENSE
MODE ARE DESTROYED.
NOW LET HIM HAVE IT,
ARCHFIEND.
ATTACK WITH ABSOLUTE
POWERFORCE!
YES. HE FELL FOR IT!
I PLAY UNI-HORNED
FAMILIAR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
YOU SEE, WHEN UNI-HORNED
FAMILIAR IS ATTACKED
WHILE IN DEFENSE MODE,
BY REMOVING A MONSTER
ON MY FIELD FROM PLAY,
I CAN ALSO REMOVE
UNI-HORNED FAMILIAR
FROM PLAY.
WHAT?
NOW ANDRE'S FIELD DOESN'T
HAVE A THING ON IT.
Jack, thinking:
HE MUST HAVE BEEN
LURING ME IN
SO THAT HE COULD USE
A TRAP ON ME.
Jack: IN THAT CASE,
NICE TRY, ANDRE,
BUT I DON'T THINK SO.
I'M STOPPING ARCHFIEND'S
ATTACK HERE AND NOW.
YOU'RE NOT STOPPING
ANYTHING, JACK.
MY UNI-HORNED
FAMILIAR'S ABILITY
FORCES YOU
TO SEE YOUR ATTACK
THROUGH TO THE END.
WHAT?
COME TO ME,
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND...
COME AND BE SNARED
LIKE THE ANNOYING LITTLE
PEST THAT YOU ARE.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
DIFFERENT DIMENSION
BARRIER--LOST FORCE!
NOW THE DAMAGE
YOUR ARCHFIEND WAS
ABOUT TO INFLICT ON ME
IS DEFLECTED BACK TO YOU!
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
[DRAGON ROARS]
[GROANS]
OH!
HE'S BEEN HIT.
OH, DEAR!
IS HE OK?
HANG ON!
HE'LL PAY FOR THAT!
Announcer:
JACK ATLAS JUST TOOK
A CRUSHING COUNTER-HIT.
CAN HE COME OUT OF IT OK?
I PLAY THREE CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
HA! JEAN, YOUR STRATEGY IS
WORKING PERFECTLY SO FAR.
OF COURSE IT IS.
AFTER ALL,
JACK'S AS
PREDICTABLE
AS HIS DECK.
VICTORY IS
ALL BUT ASSURED
NOW, BREO.
SO MUCH FOR
THE INFAMOUS TEAM 5D's.
Andre, thinking:
JACK'S DOWN, BUT HE'S
NOT OUT. NOT YET.
Andre: MY TURN!
FIRST, THE UNI-HORNED
FAMILIAR
THAT WAS REMOVED
FROM PLAY LAST ROUND
RETURNS TO THE FIELD.
SO WELCOME BACK,
MY SINGLE-SPIKED FRIEND.
AND NEXT I'LL BE
WELCOMING
UNICORN KNIGHT.
BUT IN ORDER
FOR THAT TO HAPPEN,
I MUST RESURRECT
MONOCEROS
AND THEN
SPECIAL SUMMON HIM.
SO, COME BACK,
MONOCEROS!
NOW APPEAR,
UNICORN KNIGHT.
AND NOW, LEVEL 2
ONE-HORNED FAMILIAR,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 3
MONOCEROS.
FEEL THE WINDS BLOW
AND WATCH THE STORM
CLOUDS UP ABOVE RUMBLE
WITH ELECTRICITY
AS I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THUNDER UNICORN!
[NEIGHING]
Computer:
THUNDER UNICORN IS
A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
BEAST-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2,200 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,800 DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT UNICORN WOULDN'T
SCARE A MOUSE.
HE'S NO MATCH FOR
MY RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
VERY TRUE, JACK.
RIGHT NOW HE'S NOT,
BUT ONCE A TURN,
THUNDER UNICORN CAN LOWER
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 500
FOR EVERY
NON-THUNDER-UNICORN MONSTER
THAT HAPPENS TO BE
OUT ON MY FIELD.
SO WHAT?
YOU ONLY HAVE ONE
NON-THUNDER UNICORN OUT.
DO THE MATH. MY ARCHFIEND
WILL STILL BE STRONGEST.
NOT IF YOU DO
THE MATH
WITH MONOCEROS'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
AN ABILITY THAT
I CAN ACTIVATE
FROM MY GRAVE.
YOU SEE, WHEN
MONOCEROS IS USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
ALONG WITH
A BEAST-TYPE
TUNER MONSTER,
I CAN THEN RESURRECT
THAT TUNER MONSTER.
WELCOME BACK
ONCE AGAIN,
UNI-HORNED FAMILIAR.
NOW THERE ARE
TWO NON-THUNDER
UNICORN MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD...
MEANING YOUR RED
DRAGON ARCHFIEND'S
ATTACK POINTS
DECREASE TO 2,000.
NO!
NOW GO, THUNDER UNICORN.
ATTACK WITH
SUPER CHARGER BOLT!
[NEIGHING]
[CRASH]
AAH!
NO WAY!
MY VERY BEST
MONSTER, AND IT'S
ALREADY DESTROYED?
OH, MY WORD!
JACK!
STEP OFF, CARLY.
I'M ROOTING FOR JACK.
GOT IT?
OH, PLEASE.
I'VE BEEN ROOTING FOR
HIM LONGER THAN YOU HAVE.
BOTH OF YOU
BE QUIET. JACK
IS ALL MINE!
Carly and Mina:
AND WHO ARE YOU?
HMPH!
ANDRE IS SIMPLY
PLAYING LIGHTS OUT.
I'D SAY THAT THE DECK
IS A COMPLETE
AND TOTAL SUCCESS SO FAR.
WOULDN'T
YOU AGREE, JEAN?
OF COURSE I WOULD.
BUT I'M NOT SURPRISED.
AFTER ALL, IT TOOK WEEKS OF
METICULOUS STUDY
TO ASSEMBLE THOSE CARDS.
EACH AND EVERY
DUEL SCENARIO ANDRE
MAY ENCOUNTER AGAINST JACK
HAS BEEN THOUGHT OUT
AND PLAYED THROUGH.
HE HAS NO CHANCE.
[SHUDDERS]
"NO CHANCE"!
BOY, YOU GIVE ME
GOOSEBUMPS WHEN
YOU TALK LIKE THAT.
[BEEPING]
YUSEI, TAKE A LOOK.
Yusei: WHAT IS IT?
Bruno: SOMETHING'S ENTERED
JACK'S AIR INTAKE.
YUSEI, IT'S YOUR CALL,
BUT I'D RECOMMEND
TAKING A PIT STOP
TO CHECK IT OUT.
IT'LL COST US SOME
SPEED COUNTERS,
BUT YOU'RE RIGHT.
SAFETY FIRST.
Andre: I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT ELSE
IS COMING TO AN END--
YOUR LEAD IN THIS DUEL
BECAUSE THE MASTER OF
FASTER IS ABOUT TO
SHIFT INTO OVERDRIVE.
OH, YOU'VE GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME. A PIT STOP?
COME ON! I WAS JUST
GETTING FIRED UP!
THEY'LL HAVE TO WAIT!
UM, EITHER JACK'S BRAKES
AREN'T WORKING
OR HE'S
COMPLETELY IGNORING US.
I SUMMON MAD ARCHFIEND!
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
THE TRAP
POWERFUL REBIRTH.
NOW I GET TO SUMMON
A LEVEL 4 OR BELOW
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVE.
AND THANKS TO REBIRTH,
ITS ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
EACH GO UP BY A HUNDRED
AND ITS LEVEL
INCREASES BY ONE.
THE MONSTER I CHOOSE
TO SUMMON IS DARK RESONATOR.
COME ON OUT.
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
ANOTHER TRAP.
IT'S CALLED RAGE RESYNCHRO.
NOW, BY SENDING MONSTERS
THAT HAVE THE POWER TO MAKE
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
TO MY GRAVE,
I CAN SUMMON A SYNCHRO
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVE
WITH A 500-ATTACK-POINT BONUS.
SO GO, LEVEL 4 DARK RESONATOR
AND LEVEL 4 MAD ARCHFIEND!
TO THE GRAVEYARD WITH YOU.
BUT YOUR BANISHING
WON'T BE IN VAIN.
WITH YOUR DEMISE,
NEW LIFE IS GIVEN.
AND GIVEN TO A GREAT
AND MIGHTY MONSTER.
RISE AGAIN,
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
WHOA. HE'S GOT
3,500 ATTACK POINTS?
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND HE'S ABOUT TO
USE THEM ALL ON YOU!
GO, ARCHFIEND.
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN
CARD, DIMENSION TRAP!
NOW BY REMOVING
ONE MONSTER ON MY FIELD
AND ONE TRAP CARD
IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY,
I CAN USE THE EFFECT
OF THE TRAP CARD
I JUST REMOVED.
YOU CAN DO WHAT?!
I NOW REMOVE
UNI-HORNED FAMILIAR
AND DIFFERENT
DIMENSION BARRIER--
LOST FORCE FROM PLAY!
AND NOW I'M ALLOWED
TO USE THE EFFECT
OF LOST FORCE,
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.
THE ATTACK YOU JUST
WAGED WITH ARCHFIEND
IS NEGATED AND YOU
TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO ITS ATTACK
POINTS.
NO, JACK, YOU'VE GOT
TO CALL OFF THE ATTACK!
IF THIS GOES THROUGH,
HE'S FINISHED!
AAH!
BRING IT ON, ANDRE,
BECAUSE THIS TIME
I'M READY.
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP OVERPOWER.
THIS CARD NEGATES
THE EFFECT OF A CARD
THAT CANCELS
A MONSTER'S ATTACK,
SO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR DIMENSION TRAP.
NOW RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
HAS YOU BACK IN HIS SIGHTS!
[NEIGHING]
[GROANING]
WOW. NOT BAD.
COUNTERATTACKING FROM
THOSE DIRE STRAITS?
NO, NOT BAD AT ALL.
YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE
JACK SOME CREDIT.
OH! THAT TOOK SOME
YEARS OFF MY LIFE.
YEAH, THAT WAS
A CLOSE CALL,
BUT I'M AFRAID IT'S NOT
WHAT'S BOTHERING
ME MOST RIGHT NOW.
Akiza: WHAT
DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT,
YUSEI?
HE'S TALKING ABOUT
THE TYPE OF DECK
THAT ANDRE'S USING.
IT'S NOT A POWER DECK
LIKE WE ORIGINALLY THOUGHT.
IT'S A DECK BUILT
FOR COUNTERING POWER.
BUT WHAT ABOUT WHEN
YUSEI DUELED HIM?
[MONSTER GROWLING]
WAIT A SECOND.
COULD IT BE
THAT TEAM UNICORN
HAD THIS
ALL PLANNED OUT?
AND SO FAR
THE SHOW'S GOING
ACCORDING TO SCRIPT.
I THINK YOU'RE
RIGHT, CROW.
TEAM UNICORN'S BEEN
PLAYING US FROM THE START.
PLAYING US
FROM THE START? HOW?
Yusei: I'LL TELL YOU HOW.
IT WASN'T JUST
SOME ACCIDENT THAT THEY
CHALLENGED US TO A DUEL
AT THAT PRACTICE.
WAIT. SO THEN
YOU'RE SAYING WHEN BREO
FELL IN FRONT OF ME,
THAT WAS PLANNED
ON PURPOSE?
YEAH, TO MAKE US
THINK A CERTAIN WAY.
SAY WHAT?
TEAM UNICORN WANTED US
TO THINK
THAT ANDRE WOULD BE
DUELING FIRST FOR THEM
AND BE USING A POWER DECK
IN THAT DUEL.
BECAUSE IF WE THOUGHT THAT,
THEN WE WOULD MOST
LIKELY SELECT JACK
TO BE THE FIRST DUELIST
FOR OUR TEAM.
OF COURSE.
BECAUSE JACK USES
A POWER DECK.
BUT YOU'RE SAYING
TEAM UNICORN
WANTED US TO DO THAT
BECAUSE THEY HAD
A SPECIAL ANTI-POWER DECK
ALL READY TO GO.
SO THEN, THEY'VE BEEN
PLANNING AND TRAINING
FOR THIS DUEL WITH JACK
SINCE BACK THEN AND
PROBABLY EVEN BEFORE?
MM-HMM.
JUDGING FROM
THOSE SUSPICIOUS SCOWLS,
I'D SAY THEY JUST REALIZED
HOW WE DUPED THEM.
SO WHAT? WHAT
CAN THEY DO NOW?
JACK ATLAS'S DEFEAT
IS ALL BUT CERTAIN.
WAY TO HANG IN THERE.
BUT I WOULDN'T GET
YOUR HOPES UP ABOUT
WINNING THIS OR ANYTHING.
I MEAN, SURE, YOU
WERE GREAT IN YOUR DAY,
BUT THAT DAY HAS PASSED.
NOW YOU'RE NOTHING BUT
A WASHED UP HAS-BEEN.
HAS-BEEN? YOU
ARROGANT LITTLE PUNK,
I CAN'T WAIT TO MOP
THE FLOOR WITH YOU.
OH, PLEASE.
EVEN YOUR INSULTS
ARE PREDICTABLE.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS I KNEW YOU
WERE GONNA DO WHAT
YOU JUST DID, JACK.
THAT'S WHY I HAD
THIS CARD READY--
PARALLEL SELECT.
THANKS TO THIS TRAP,
WHEN A SYNCHRO
MONSTER ON THE
FIELD IS DESTROYED,
I CAN ADD ONE CARD
THAT WAS REMOVED
FROM PLAY
TO MY HAND.
AND THE CARD
I'M ADDING BACK IS
THE SPEED SPELL
END OF THE STORM.
WHAT?
NO WAY!
MY TURN!
JACK'S LIFE POINTS
ARE DOWN TO A MERE 800,
AND ANDRE HAS
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
SO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.
I PLAY THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW BY REMOVING
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SPEED
SPELL CARD THAT I
POSSESS IN MY HAND.
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU LOSE.
OH, NO!
[ALL GASP]